Hello[custName],

You recently requested assistance in downloading your student copy of Microsoft Office 365. This software is available as a licensed version for all enrolled S&T students. This license entitled you to install Microsoft Office on up to four computers and works on both Macintosh and Windows operating systems. Please also note that because this is a licensed version, it is only valid for as long as you are an enrolled student at S&T.

Please follow the steps below to get started.

1) Visit the following website: https://office365reset.umsystem.edu/

2) You will be presented with a University of Missouri System website. Login by entering your S&T student username and password.

3) You will be presented with a number of different account action. Under the box for "Office 365 Account", select "Reset Office 365 Pasword". If you do not see this option, please contact the Help Desk.

4) Set a password for you Microsoft Office 365 account. Note that this password is NOT kept in sync with your student password, and will not affect any of your other logins.

5) After your password has been set, select "Click here to log in to your O365 account."

6) Login with the following information. Note that this email address is different from your student GMail address. This is okay.
      
	  Email: [your username]@mail.mst.edu
	  Password: [the password you just set]
	  
   If you still get "We don't recognize this user ID or password", please contact the Help Desk.
	  
7) Click on the Office 365 logo in the top left corner of the screen. This will take you to your Office online home page.

8) From here, you will be able to manage your office installations. To download the installer for Microsoft Office, click the "Install Office 2016" button in the top right corner.

9) Once the download completes, run the downloaded installer. The installation process generally takes about 20-30 minutes on most computers.

10) After the installation completes, run one of the programs (for example, Microsoft Word). You may be prompted to activate your account. If so, choose, "Activate with a school of work account" and then follow the steps to input your email and password from Step 6.

[resolving]If you have any further questions, you can contact the IT Help Desk by calling (573) 341-4357 (HELP), visiting the IT Help Desk on the first floor of the Curtis Laws Wilson Library, or [tickOpen] ticket online at http://help.mst.edu. [tickUpdateInfo]
	
Thank You,
Missouri S&T
IT Help Desk